Alberto,

   One of the guiding principles here is to reuse code and make it simple. To minumize the
probability of coding errors.

   1. For Multipoint I purpose reusing the Markers parameter for the loci parameter.
Currently there is a marker label (a character string) that can be filled with more
detailed information. It has a max length of 48 chars, should I make it longer.

   2. (Not so much a question as an asking for opinion.) For Liability Classes (hereafter called
LC) to be added, I purpose multiple sets of penetrance combinations at a single index. So, for
analyst purposes, at penetrance index 4, we will know that the following penetrance combinations
were used depending on the LC of the persons in the pedigree. RADSMM will
add a RADSMM_setup_LC which just sets the number of LCs and then add a LC parameter to
RADSMM_setup_penetrance and the one calls RADSMM_setup_penetrance multiple times with a different
LC parameter each time.
Also define RADSMM_MAX_liability_classes to be 12.

   3. For quantitative traits, there is currently one axis with no "label", just an index. This is how
RADSMQ (used in MLIP) does it. Should I add a label (char string or list of floats) now or just
keep it simple. (No one is complaining about it in MLIP).

   4. For the reading and writing routines, I purpose just passing all possible parameters
(7) and ignoring those not used by the current dataset.

   5. Lambda: It is a single floating-point number right?

A summary:
Axis        ControL         Label
Pedigree   Always used      Fixed length character string up to 80 chars.
Marker     Always used*     Fixed length character string up to 48 chars.
Theta      2Point only	    1 floating point numbers and flag for grid or Diagonal.
GeneFreq   Dicot Only       1 Floating point number
Penetrance Dicot Only       3 Floating points numbers * number of LC
Qmodel     Quan Trait Only  None
Lambda     Diseq Only       1 floating point number

Marker is an actual marker for 2 Point, Loci for multi point.

I've made some assumptions for these questions and put together a new "doc" file which I've attached.

--- For analysis ---
  1. Anything special needed when analyzing data with lambda? Just treat it like GF?
  2. For multipoint, can I calculate PPL like nflankloop does?


Also, it would be trival to convert MLIP to RADSMM so side by side comparisons are possible.
And only one analysis program would then be needed.



                                           Marty
